he went with a collection 29 gt3 deal
stealthy between the third mission that
we make them to indicate from their
casino in torrington good on arrival
let's see what a new one
bit annoyed a little irritated because
the Colombian cartel is not doing
case to the requests of the yakuza
they are humiliating them and now they are going to
unite with the jardins to humiliate them
even more that is serious is bad
so we have to take revenge or
teach them
things to the Colombian cartel
asks us to grab a yard car and
since the hardy are going to meet with
those of the Colombian poster in as patria
in a hospital there is going to find us
we have to grab a car from the
yachts to serve as a screen
good the car this is with shed
cream and it's half reddish roughly the
self that same is red and they are so medium
rare is red so more or less
but shed is always cream or beige
well then we test the vehicle and
we are going to pick up another member of
the yakuza we have to pick it up to this
contact that will help us the
intervention or to intervene interrupt
this hardy meeting
with those of the Colombian cartel
good
this meeting as you are saying is in
part in a hospital
and well then there is the contact
we are also split where is the
place
so that one takes this
douchebag
and well then now let's go
the rockford hospital to interrupt
this meeting we are with this car to
that the Colombian posters come out and
talk to us
pérez to speak is between quotes claw
because the base eliminates well then there
is the marker we are going to give a little
the turn
to park right at that marker
do not get off the vehicle
until the kinematics arme if
you have to stay in the vehicle
just there you can leave yes because if not
they will realize it is coming out
the members of the cartel
comes out the other good member let's leave that
fight we're going to run over we're going to
run over them so easier faster
although they do have very powerful weapons
but you can do it for sauber
well now we have to grab a
briefcase s
and we have to finish the job
well I want to check if he is dead
this guy is really dead
of the good poster now we have to
end with poster vehicles
Colombian if I'm going to leave a little
well since the weapon disappeared I'll
grab what is a grenade the laying
find in any ammunition is not
very expensive area apart you have
too much money at this point good
Now we go back to the
casino
very courteous account is simple the mission
it's just with running over these
members since we can already eliminate them
although that can hurt you a little bit
the vehicle but it's the least you can
change the vehicle while you're
driving there is no good problem
we do
with two simple bridges this guy that
he accompanied us
the time that accompanied us the other
member of the team to die or can
stay alive there is no problem
It will not fail the mission if you
dies so he loses care if he is
they have killed it, it has damaged it or you want
protect it there is no problem
good then
let's go to the casino
I do not understand is how you can handle it if in
that stage of the vehicle from the part of
in front of the engine that covers
he is covering all the visibility to
claudia but good is a driving
anyway
there is
the marker and in this way already
we would be concluding this mission can
be with a shotgun to eliminate the
vehicles or you can do it with the grenade
what I used
while we wait for the latter to come out
cinematic not this senate in the 5000's
strategic rewards the video we see
in the following video silver friends